feature(connector_sdk): moving complex configuration to common patterns (#511)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/complex_configuration_options/README.md

# Complex Configuration Options Connector Example

## Connector overview

> This example demonstrates handling of complex configuration values. This example shows how to handle cases when connector requires static complex values such as deeply nested structures or non-string values. A separate python file can be used to define such complex values. These values must not contain any sensitive information. The connector needs to be redeployed for updating the values defined in the separate python file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to handle cases when a connector requires static complex values, such as deeply nested structures or non-string values. 

A separate Python file can be used to define such complex values. These values must not contain any sensitive information. The connector needs to be redeployed to update the values defined in the separate Python file.
```
